we're on the Jim Greenberg farm in
Stratford Wisconsin Jim as is a very
successful organic dairy farmer he was a
a grazer before he went organic and I
believe he's grazing approximately 580
organic dairy cows and ships's milk to
horizon organic dairy thus a field that
he is away from the farm that he grazes
his young stock on and this is in April
of 2011 where the objective here is to
invigorate the pasture pull up some
thatch knock some cow pies around and at
the same time he's over seeding white
clover into this into this perennial now
as of this filming we don't have
anything we can show as far as the
results of the interceding but we will
have some video later on that will be a
follow-up to to this this spring he also
used it on 350 acres of new seating in a
situation where it had been very wet he
was running late he's got a ten-foot
brilliant cedar he did 50 acres with a
ten-foot brilliant cedar then proceeded
to do about 350 acres with this 30 foot
new in Bock new matter star which it is
the seeding box with it and you'll see
here how how you can get some acreage
done in a very short period of time I
don't know exactly how fast he's going
my guess is around five miles an hour
possibly six
will show some still photographs a
little bit later of of how the new
maddest are knocked some of the cow pies
around and reduced the the concentration
of manure in one area it's very
difficult for the camera to pick up on
the seed coming out of the seed manifold
of the seed distribution system now this
is the manure from cow pies before the
tine weeder ran through it and what
we'll see next is a photograph of the
tine weeder or of the cow pie after the
tine weeder has run through it you can
see how we've pulled some thatch out of
the ground brought it up on top making
room for seed salt contact and then also
scattered the cow pie
you